Documentation changes for non-ISO calendars (#1321)
tc39/proposal-temporal: docs/plainmonthday.md

- `isoMonth` (number): A month, ranging between 1 and 12 inclusive.
- `isoDay` (number): A day of the month, ranging between 1 and 31 inclusive.
- `calendar` (optional `Temporal.Calendar` or plain object): A calendar to project the date into.
- `referenceISOYear` (optional for ISO 8601 calendar; required for other calendars):
  A reference year in the ISO 8601 calendar for disambiguation when implementing calendar systems.
  The default for the ISO 8601 calendar is the first leap year after the [Unix epoch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_time).

>   This value is required for other calendar systems, but can cause serious problems if not set correctly.

Reviewer: This might be a bit dramatic — how about this?
```suggestion
  This value is required for other calendar systems. If you don't know what to put here, use the `from` method instead.
```

**Returns:** a new `Temporal.PlainMonthDay` object.

> > NOTE: To avoid infinite recursion, the `referenceISOYear` is accepted as-is without validating that the year contains the specified month and day in the desired calendar and without replacing the year with a canonical value like `from` and `with` will do.
> > These limitations mean that `equals` or `compare` may return `false` for `Temporal.PlainMonthDay` instances where the month and day are identical, but the reference years don't match.
> > For this reason, it is STRONGLY recommended that this constructor SHOULD NOT be used except when implementing a custom calendar or when only using the ISO 8601 calendar.
> > For other calendars, use the `from` method which will always set the same reference year for the same month, day, and calendar.

Reviewer: I'd probably find this a bit too much detail if I just want to use the PlainMonthDay type. How about this?
```suggestion
> The `calendar` and `referenceISOYear` parameters should only be used in specialized cases such as custom calendars, because `equals` or `compare` will consider these two objects unequal: `new Temporal.PlainMonthDay(3, 14, 'iso8601', 1970)` and `new Temporal.PlainMonthDay(3, 14, 'iso8601`, 2000)`.
> Normally, it is _strongly_ recommended to use the two-argument form or the `from()` method.
```

Author: I made some tweaks to the wording, but otherwise I like your edits!

```suggestion
> The `calendar` and `referenceISOYear` parameters should be avoided because `equals` or `compare` will consider these two objects unequal: `new Temporal.PlainMonthDay(3, 14, 'iso8601', 1970)` and `new Temporal.PlainMonthDay(3, 14, 'iso8601`, 2000)`.
> When creating instances for non-ISO-8601 calendars (other than when implementing a custom calendar) use the `from()` method which will automatically set a valid and consistent reference year for all calendars.
```

md = new Temporal.PlainMonthDay(3, 14); // => 03-14
// Leap day
md = new Temporal.PlainMonthDay(2, 29); // => 02-29

> // 1 Adar I (first day of a leap month) in the Hebrew calendar

Reviewer: Maybe add a comment saying "normally don't do this"?

Author: Actually, seems safer to just remove it so we won't give people bad ideas. I'll remove it in my next commit.
